A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL LOVE STORY
ONE MINUTE IN THE PRESENT
AND TEN MINUTES IN THE PAST
-You disgust me.
-That's nice.
-You only say things that hurt me.
-At least I talk. You don't.
You act like everything is fine.
-Fuck.
-Why won't you say it, Nico?
Say that you don't love me anymore
and let's end this shit.
-You're fucking immature.
-No, you are.
You weren't loved as a child
and now I'm paying for it.
Right, you love me.
Is that why you're cheating?
Or are you looking for an excuse to split?
Lina, maybe the person you fell
in love with doesn't exist anymore.
I can't keep convincing you
this can be fixed.
Nico, stop!
Admit it.
I need to hear it from you.
What do you want me to say?
That I don't love you anymore?
That it's hard to be with you
because you make me feel like shit?
That you made me waste
nine years of my life?
Excuse me.
Yes?
Could I get a cup of coffee?
Well…
If it's too much trouble,
I can make it myself.
You're in luck,
I haven't cleaned the machine yet.
Otherwise, no way.
How many dolphin cups went missing today?
I don't know, a ton.
People think they're pretty.
I don't get it.
I'm thinking of taking one.
Thanks.
Need a hand?
Let me help.
What can I do?
Well, hand me the trash.
Thanks.
-Is this trash?
-Yeah.
This too?
You always get up early, huh?
Yeah.
But the bar is never open.
How many hours
do you spend underwater every day?
About two.
-Do you scuba dive?
-Me? No way.
It scares me.
What does?
I don't know. Getting trapped down there.
The silence.
The emptiness.
Hearing yourself breathe the whole time.
You know?
I know what you're afraid of.
What?
It happens to everyone.
You're afraid
of getting the shitty wet suit.
-The shitty wet suit.
-Yeah, the shitty one.
The smelly one.
The one someone peed in.
What?
Gross! Now I'm definitely not going.
Hey, what's your name?
Lina.
I'm Nico. Nice to meet you.
What size are you?
Small?
Yes.
I swear I got a new, small-sized wet suit
yesterday.
You'll be the first to wear it.
Yeah.
-These cups are nice.
-Don't you dare.
Steal it some other time.
How do you like working the night shift?
It's fine.
I'm out of sync with everyone,
but you get used to it eventually.
What about you?
I hate waking up when it's still dark out.
I'm the opposite.
I rush to bed before the sun rises.
But today you're going diving.
I'm not going to scuba dive.
I can't fall sleep after the sun rises.
Want to have breakfast?
Sure.
Come with me.
-Won't we get caught?
-No.
No one comes in until six.
Here's some Jell-O, yogurt…
I'm getting juice.
This one's delicious. It's new.
Help yourself.
Well…
Okay.
-I'll have some cereal.
-Okay.
I love chocolate sauce.
And all I wanted was some coffee.
Surprise.
Do you do this every day?
Yeah.
I have breakfast before bed.
That's worse than stealing a cup.
Would you vacation at this hotel?
Not in my room.
It overlooks the parking lot.
Well, at least you're here.
I'm in the apartments
on the other side of the beach.
-I have five roommates.
-Whoa.
The suite with a terrace.
The one with the fish tank.
I'd stay there.
Hey, I have to get going.
I'll come with you, it's on my way.
Cool.
Are you from the island?
No one is from here in the summer.
-Where are you from?
-I'm from a town on the coast of Valencia.
I came here to make some money and…
then study nursing, I guess.
You guess?
Yeah, I don't know for sure yet.
-Right.
-I have to get accepted first.
What about you?
I'm a biologist.
Well, I just got my degree.
I should be finishing economics.
-Economics?
-Yes.
Wow.
Yes. But I quit because
it wasn't for me.
I didn't want to do anything
I wasn't sure about.
Of course.
That makes sense.
And why scuba diving?
Well, I've been interested in the sea,
fish, and diving since I was a kid.
It started as a hobby,
and now I get paid for it.
Where are you from?
I grew up in Zaragoza.
But there's no ocean there.
I wasn't doing much with my life there.
So, got any plans?
Well, I'll finish this season,
and then we'll see.
Okay, all done.
My buddy
can load these onto the boat.
-Have you ever been to the pier?
-No.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Any problems with your ears?
What?
Do they hurt when the air pressure changes
or when you're on a plane
or climbing a mountain?
-No.
-Okay.
Any respiratory issues?
-Asthma, bronchitis, sinusitis, anything?
-No.
Do you smoke?
-Good.
Have you ever had any heart issues?
No.
We've finished the survey.
You're ready to dive.
-No, I mean it. I'm not going to dive.
-Hey…
Hang on.
Here it is.
The one that smells brand new.
-It's all yours.
-All right.
How's it going?
Fine.
I think it's stuck.
-Need some help?
-I need help, yeah.
-May I?
-I can't…
-Of course.
-Let's see.
Okay.
Your arm goes here.
Good job.
-Wait.
-The other arm… in here.
-Great.
-My hair.
-Your hair.
That's important.
-Done.
-Okay.
And…
-That's it.
-Yes.
You won't be able to fall asleep.
You're right.
Great.
So it's over.
I wish we'd never met.
THIS SERIES IS A WORK OF FICTION.
ANY SIMILARITY IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
Subtitle translation by: Molly Yurick